chore: update pr template (#2956)
rudderlabs/rudder-transformer: .github/pull_request_template.md

Write a brief explainer on your code changes.

## What is the related Linear task?

> Link to linear ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolves INT-<>
```

Reviewer: mentioning complete linear ticket will expose the url

## Please explain the objectives of your changes below

> Put down any required details on the broader aspect of your changes. If there are any dependent changes, **mandatorily** mention them here

Reviewer: There's too much of content under `Type of change`. Remove all that & convert to question in bold:
### Any changes to existing capabilities/behaviour, mention the reason & what are the changes ?

- New capabilities/behavior

> ### Any technical or performance related pointers to consider with the change?

Reviewer: we need to keep relevant questions to make it user friendly. Can we move queries on 10 files & multiple linear tasks as Developer checklist instead ?
- Limited to 10 file changes in PR
- Limited to one linear task 

As these things shouldn't be the norm, we can have discussion as comments instead if this has to be exception. cc: @koladilip

> ### Any technical or performance related pointers to consider with the change?

Reviewer: Move this question to 4th position, should be last one

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project

```

- [ ] **No breaking changes are being introduced.**

- [ ] All related docs linked with the PR?

- [ ] All changes manually tested?

- [ ] Any documentation changes needed with this change?

> - [ ] Are we limited to 10 file changes in the PR?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Is the PR limited to 10 file changes?
```

> - [ ] Are we limited to one linear task?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Is the PR limited to one linear task?
```
